descriptions:

               1- WEIGHT LOSS
How to know if you need to do a weight loss diet?
        
        The standard answer is that you're overweight if your body mass index (BMI) is 25 or higher and obese if your BMI is 30 or higher.
        To find your BMI, use a BMI calculator. A BMI of:
        
                18.5 or less is considered underweight
                18.5-24.9 is considered ideal weight
                25-29.9 is considered overweight
                30 or higher is considered obese






                  2- WEIGHT GAIN

How to know if you need to do a weight gain diet?
  
        
        The standard answer is that your body mass index (BMI) is a measure of your body fat. It uses your weight, height, and age to give you a healthy range.
         In general, if your BMI is less than 18.5, you're underweight.
        
                18.5 or less is considered underweight
                18.5-24.9 is considered ideal weight
                25-29.9 is considered overweight
                30 or higher is considered obese
        






		3-KETOGENIC

What is a Ketogenic diet?
            
            
            A ketogenic diet (or keto diet) is a low-carb, high-fat diet. It can be effective for weight loss and certain health conditions, something that's been demonstrated in many studies.

            A keto diet is especially useful for losing excess body fat without hunger, and for improving type 2 diabetes or metabolic syndrome.

            On a keto diet, you cut way back on carbohydrates, also known as carbs, in order to burn fat for fuel.
            The fewer carbs you eat, the more effective the diet appears to be for reaching ketosis and losing weight.
       




		4-VEGAN DIET

 Losing Weight while being on a Vegan Diet
      
        

        Vegans can lose weight quickly if they are eating a whole food plant-based diet.
         This involves eating foods in their whole, unprocessed forms such as fruits, vegetables, whole grains, beans, nuts and seeds. 
         These foods are high in nutrients but low in calories compared to standard Western diets.
         This can allow vegans to easily be in a calorie deficit and lose weight rather quickly.
         




		5-MUSCLE GAIN

 What is a muscle gain diet?

        
        Building muscle requires a positive energy balance,which means that you must take in more calories than you burn.
          You need roughly 2,800 calories to build a pound of muscle,
         largely to support protein turnover, which can be elevated with training.
         In order to build muscles not only you should have the right diet plan but also target all your muscle groups at least 2 to 3 times a week to see expected results. For better results it is adviced to include a muscle gain supplments in your diet (which you can find on our supplements section). 
        



		6- LEAN MEAL PLAN


What is a lean meal?
"Get lean" refers to decreasing body fat.With a lower body fat percentage you will be "leaner" than if you have a high body fat percentage. It's the balance between muscle mass and fat mass in your body.
The process is to shred some fat from you body without losing much muscle mass. Someone with a lean body will look thin but equally toned up and healthy.
     